Add some links around the bazel toolchain topic (#30)
jin/awesome-bazel: README.md

- [Rules](#rules)
- [Tooling](#tooling)

>   - [Toolchains](#toolcahins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Toolchains](#toolchains)
```

- [philwo/bazelisk](https://github.com/philwo/bazelisk) - A user-friendly launcher for Bazel
- [bzl-io/bzl](https://github.com/bzl-io/bzl) - a wrapper around the bazel build tool to extend its functionality

### Toolchains

> Toolchains -  a way for rule authors to decouple their rule logic from platform-based selection of tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toolchains enable rule authors to decouple their rule logic from platform-based selection of tools.
```

> - [bazelbuilds/bazel-toolchains](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel-toolchains) - is a repository where Google hosts Bazel toolchain configs to enable Remote Execution via Docker containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [bazelbuilds/bazel-toolchains](https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel-toolchains) - Bazel toolchain configurations to enable Google Cloud Remote Build Execution via Docker containers
```

- [Android](https://docs.bazel.build/versions/master/tutorial/android-app.html)
- [iOS](https://docs.bazel.build/versions/master/tutorial/ios-app.html)

#### Toolchains

> - [c++ tolchains](https://docs.bazel.build/versions/master/tutorial/cc-toolchain-config.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [C++ toolchains](https://docs.bazel.build/versions/master/tutorial/cc-toolchain-config.html)
```
